hey guys what is up some side 20 year or
Lucas bring you guys the shootout
commentary I really just want to bring
you guys kind of a new years ah update
video because I really haven't liked me
like a good solid like talking you guys
video in a while other than probably my
Christmas pack a day I've been crazy
busy with school but winter break ins
obviously give me a lot of time to put
into the 12 days giveaways and the PACA
days and stuff I know I've been kind of
late with a pack of days but uh
streaming has gotten in the way that
that's one of the things I wanted to
talk about but the first thing while I
thank you guys for is 3.5 k sobs it is
unreal the support you guys give me I
know the 12 days giveaways helped a lot
and opaca days help lot and I'm just
gonna keep on bringing some hot content
you guys as long as you guys want to see
it but um yeah what I really want to
talk about in this video is three major
three three major things ah one is
streaming um if you guys didn't know all
throughout the winter break mile at like
the last two weeks I've been streaming
every single day either I've been
playing some hot building my team trade
days I did I did a couple live trade
days and mostly tues with Ryan in a club
and I've had insane turnouts for my
streams as you guys probably have
noticed I do not stream on YouTube but I
do stream on twitch TV my link was
always down below so if you want to go
follow me on Twitter that's fine I don't
really know what it does to be honest
but um you always know what I'm
streaming and the best way to know what
I'm streaming is to follow me on Twitter
I am private but I accept everyone don't
not not don't out worry do not worry um
I will accept you just the thing that I
have that I rather just be private but
yeah I've been streaming all last two
weeks pretty much straight A average
like a hundred viewers of stream now
it's ridiculous the support you guys
give me you guys love it i get messages
every day on twitter and on xbox one
thing when you're streaming extremes you
in all that stuff I really want to thank
you guys for the support on that um but
yeah I may start doing on YouTube to I
don't really know but for right now I'm
gonna stick with twitch and but yeah the
next thing I really want to talk about
is eashl videos I know that my my
channel
never really been a rap about gameplay
um and I kind of want to change that
I've still want bring packet8 you guys
still want to pack opening I love
opening packs so I'm gonna keep on
bringing that to you guys but I also
have really gotten into tubes with ryan
and we were talking about it and i think
we're gonna start uploading a series on
it either it's gonna be like one game a
playoff run or something like that but i
know to some you kind of boring with a
computer goalie but uh me try we'll try
to make it as interesting as possible I
don't know the format of it yeah I don't
know how often we're gonna upload it but
um I really want to bring more eashl at
the year and I kind of want to get into
sixes too because I've only mainly
played tues with Ryan since uh the
beginning the game because meeting in
the beginning game i played with camera
Mattrick sports TV i play with a couple
other guys but that never really got
going and but with tues with ryan it's
been really really fun but uh so I want
to give that going out I want to bring
some club to this God my channel but um
yeah the last thing I want to talk about
quickly here is ideas that you guys have
I know you guys probably have millions
of ideas of what kind of videos you'd
like to see I know I pretty much stopped
my GM mode again because honestly I was
averaging like a hundred views and it
really gave me no motivation to do it
but if there's any videos you guys want
to see me do I'll tell me down below i
can do like any more shootout
commentaries like this talk about the
NHL and how the Hawks are doing stuff
like that but you guys just got Tommy
cuz I want to do whatever pleases you
guys you guys are the best subscribers i
can probably ever ask for and yeah guys
if you guys enjoyed this video let me
know down below and follow me on twitter
links always down below and hope you
guys have a good day bye